# Win10LockScreenScraperScrapes all the great Windows Spotlight images used as lock screen images.The images will be saved to a folder on your desktop named *LockScreenPics*.# Usage## Execution policyIn order to use this script, you'll need to adjust your execution policy. By default, the execution policy is set to *Restricted*, which means that PowerShell can only be used in interactive mode (i.e. no scripts).To run this script, you'll need to set your execution policy to *Unrestricted*. If that's a little too much, you can set it to *AllSigned*. However, you'll need to sign the script for it to be allowed. I'll get some instructions on that up sometime.You can set the execution policy via:1. Click the Start button2. Type in *PowerShell*3. Right-click on *Windows PowerShell* and click on *Run as administrator*4. Run: `Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted`5. Answer *Y*## Running it ad-hoc    powershell C:\Path\To\Win10LockScreenScraper.ps1## Running automatically via the Task Scheduler### Creating the taskThe following command will schedule the script to run daily at 1 PM:    schtasks ^    /Create ^    /RU %YOUR_USERNAME% ^    /RP "*" ^    /SC DAILY ^    /TN Win10LockScreenScraper ^    /TR "PowerShell C:\Path\To\Win10LockScreenScraper.ps1" ^    /ST 13:00***Note:*** The argument for `/RP` "*" means that you'll be prompted for your password before the task is scheduled. This keeps you from having it in your cmd history.***Note:*** If you're using a Microsoft account to log in, your username will be your account's email address.### Test out the taskTo make sure the task was successfully scheduled, you can run the task via:    schtasks /Run /TN Win10LockScreenScraper### Deleting the task    schtasks /Delete /TN Win10LockScreenScraper# TODO- I've noticed that certain lock screen images contain metadata about the images (name, etc). We can base the filename off of that.- The destination directory is currently hardcoded. We should allow the user to configure that via an environment variable.- Instructions on self-signing the script, so we don't have to use the *Unrestricted* execution policy.# Why PowerShell?Why not? It's already available on Windows 10. No need to install any other interpreters, runtimes, etc. Plus, I wanted to play around with it :)